README.md, before:

# _Northwest Coffee Company_

#### _An application that simulates a website for a specialty coffee store {April 20, 2018}_

#### By _Masen Matthews_

## Description
  _This application simulates the website for a specialty coffee store and includes many of the features that a user would expect to find when visiting the website for that sort of environment. The site specifically allows users to create, read, update, and delete products. It also allows users to see reviews for the products._

## Specifications / User Expectations
  1. User can create a product in the store database
  2. User can view specific pages for individual products
  3. User can update and delete individual products
  4. User can view reviews for individual products and see ratings associated with them
  5. User can add their own review of a product

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone GitHub repository to desktop or desired directory_
* _Navigate to directory in terminal_
* _Run $ bundle and $ bundle install to ensure that the included gems are installed and functional_
* _Run $ rake db:create to create the database associated with the program_
* _Run $ rake db:migrate to ensure that migrations are properly executed_
* _Run $ rake db:seed to populate the database from the seed file_
* _Run $ rails server to launch the Rails server - the application can be viewed in a web browser by navigating to localhost:3000_

## Known Bugs

N/A

## Support and contact details

Support questions, ideas, suggestions, and other contact inquiries can be directed to Masen by email or through GitHub:
  Email: masenmatthews@gmail.com
  Github: masenmatthews

## Technologies Used

This application utilizes the following technologies:
  -Ruby On Rails
  -Faker (for seeding)

### License

*MIT License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Masen Matthews]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.*

Copyright (c) 2018 **Masen Matthews**

Commit message:

edit README, solve Heroku issue

README.md, after:

# _Northwest Coffee Company_

#### _An application that simulates a website for a specialty coffee store {April 20, 2018}_

#### By _Masen Matthews_

## Description
  _This application simulates the website for a specialty coffee store and includes many of the features that a user would expect to find when visiting the website for that sort of environment. The site specifically allows users to create, read, update, and delete products. It also allows users to see reviews for the products._

## Specifications / User Expectations
  1. User can create a product in the store database
  2. User can view specific pages for individual products
  3. User can update and delete individual products
  4. User can view reviews for individual products and see ratings associated with them
  5. User can add their own review of a product

## Live Preview
  _This application is viewable on Heroku. To view it, please visit https://murmuring-wildwood-94431.herokuapp.com/ ._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone GitHub repository to desktop or desired directory_
* _Navigate to directory in terminal_
* _Run $ bundle and $ bundle install to ensure that the included gems are installed and functional_
* _Run $ rake db:create to create the database associated with the program_
* _Run $ rake db:migrate to ensure that migrations are properly executed_
* _Run $ rake db:seed to populate the database from the seed file_
* _Run $ rails server to launch the Rails server - the application can be viewed in a web browser by navigating to localhost:3000_

## Known Bugs

N/A

## Support and contact details

Support questions, ideas, suggestions, and other contact inquiries can be directed to Masen by email or through GitHub:
  Email: masenmatthews@gmail.com
  Github: masenmatthews

## Technologies Used

This application utilizes the following technologies:
  -Ruby On Rails
  -Faker (for seeding)

### License

*MIT License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Masen Matthews]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.*

Copyright (c) 2018 **Masen Matthews**
